---
layout: default
title: 'Work with us: Senior Financial Analyst'
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <h1 class="bordered">
      Senior Financial Analyst
    </h1>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">

<div class="job-not-available">
  <h2>Sorry, this position is no longer available</h2>
  <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
</div>

h3. The Role

* help us understand and explore the financial dynamics of our business
* create reporting system for financial KPIs
* ideally you have a financial or accounting background and experience
* part time role

h3. Description of the position

We're looking for someone with an accounting background to help us analyse and better understand, track and report on the performance of our business. We have a team of 35 Designers and Developers that work on various projects that run simultaneously. We also have Project Managers that estimate and manage these projects.

We'd like to better understand how these projects are going, and create management reports that are sustainable to create.

We are fanatical about tracking and have got great systems in place - but we are looking for someone who is curious and numeric to pull it all together and provide real insights.

<div class="redant-parallax parallax-6"></div>

h3. About Red Ant

We’re a leading technical agency that builds digital products. These live as web sites, things that run on your phone, or in social networks. There are 35 Ants, consisting of developers, front enders, designers, producers and content people. We’ve been around for a while (18 years now) and have a great group of staff and customers.

You can read more of the <a href="/about-redant">backstory here</a>

Some of the sites we work on are 
* <a href="http://12wbt.com/tour">12wbt.com</a>, 
* <a href="http://www.beautyheaven.com.au">beautyheaven.com.au</a> and 
* <a href="http://www.huggies.com.au">huggies.com.au</a>

h3. Location

Surry Hills, just off Oxford St. We’re close to trains, and we’re right opposite a lovely park if you’re up for nude frisbee of a lunchtime. Or not.<br>
Here's a <a href="/about-red-ant/map">map</a>

h3. Interested?

If you’re interested in this position, here is where we work out if you've actually read down this far and you are in fact human, consider yourself somewhat qualified, and speak English. Oh, and can read. Please don't send in a big Word doc CV. All that indicates is you haven't read this bit and you're probably sending that to every job ad you can find.
OK, so we've established that you've read this far. Send Sarah at redant.com.au a short email, explaining a bit about you and why you'd be a great fit. If you could include your Linkedin profile, show us your off the chart Excel skills, analytical mind and anything else that is relevant that would just be the cherry on the cupcake.

Finally, please no recruiters.

      <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
