---
layout: default
title: 'Looking for a Senior Ruby developer'
image:
  small: /assets/uploads/2014/09/bike.jpg
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <h1 class="bordered">
      Senior Ruby Developer
    </h1>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">

<div class="job-not-available">
  <h2>Sorry, this position is no longer available</h2>
  <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
</div>

h2. Who we’re looking for

<p class="lead">We’re looking for an experienced Ruby developer to join our team. By experienced I don't mean that you've just finished a 10 week koding course or have X years of experience working on some bloated Rails app that no one actually used. I mean that you have deep experience - developing is what you do. A core part of who you are. And you're able to use this experience to provide strong technical leadership on projects.</p>

You might be a total Ruby fanatic, or you might dabble in many technologies. You might be stronger in devops, writing backend code, or frontend presentation might be your thing. You might be a Node freak and Ruby is just one of many strings to your guitar. But you've got lots of experience in making things work- you can analyse and solve difficult problems, work with other developers well, and create awesome code.

Here's what we can offer:
* A tight team that appreciates quality. You'll probably learn lots of things, and hopefully you'll be able to teach us some stuff.
* We're a mix of developers, designers and project managers. We work in an Agile environment, on some interesting projects
* We work in teams across several clients. Each client typically has several projects running.
* We have some interesting projects, building big web apps that support a large number of users. These can throw up challenging problems, like load, handling lots of payments, concurrency, tweaking performance and taming cache unicorns.

The things we make are typically large web applications, which we call "digital products":http://www.redant.com.au/digital-products/. The way we typically approach these is an Angular frontend driven by a Ruby backend (JRuby, Rails, Sinatra etc)

Have a look at our "portfolio":http://redant.com.au/portfolio to get a better idea of the some of the projects we've worked on. 

h2. Our ideal candidate

We're assuming you already have:
* Good Ruby skills 
* ... and in terms of technical skills you're pretty much off the charts (in a nice way)
* Experience working in an Agile fashion
* ... and using tools like Jira etc (although if you're like me you may ponder why "Jira" is sometimes described as a feature of some roles. Really? You can really use Jira? Wow you must be so smart.)

But it would be great if you had:
* Experience as a technical lead, or making big technical decisions. By technical decisions I don't mean when to indent, but planning out how things will fit together. What is the best technology to meet that requirement? What can we learn from other similar situations?
* You think about how things could break. Where scaling issues could occur. How might that technology mature? How maintainable will that approach be? You can conceptualise and explain complex problems.
* A good knowledge of how different technologies fit in - like for example when would you use something like Redis vs SQL. You can explain design patterns where different technologies might or might not work.
* You're not a dick. You'd be interesting to sit next to during lunch. By "dick" I'm not being sexist - but we've probably all worked with "dicks" before. Let's avoid them and make interesting stuff!

h2. Full time

This is a full time position - all of our team work together (see the bottom of this page to get a better idea of what that looks like). Many of our team have been working together for a number of years. Red Ant itself has been around for over 18 years, and we'd love to find someone after a secure, long term gig.

h2. Location

The hipster heart of Sydney: Surry Hills, just off Oxford St (<a href="/about-red-ant/map/">map here</a>). In terms of transport options, you can park your chopper in the park over the road, if you arrive by pony you can tie it up on the tree outside, and if you bike you'd better bring it inside as a bearded hipster might "borrow" it. We’re close to trains, buses, walkable to the harbour ferry and nowhere near an airport.

For lunch, we have probably the highest concentration of cafes, bars and restaurants in the country. You'll need to figure out if you like your coffee pressed, cold, drawn or dripped. Are you single origin or blend? Are you craft beer or obscure import?

h2. Is this remote or on site?

On site - although many of us work from home now and then. And we're pretty flexible in terms of having time off for all the things that come up - like sick children, family emergencies etc. And sometimes you need some focussed time to get things done.
But say you were a team of very tiny people that lived inside one of the struts of the London Eye, this would be a very unsuitable position for you. Commuting would be problematic, and it would be difficult to keep in the loop.
Most of our team are full time, and this has worked well as we’ve been able to learn and develop the way we do stuff. Incremental improvements +1.

h2. How much it pays

Really well. Probably much better than where you are right now.

h2. Interested?

If you’re interested in this position, please don’t send in a huge Word doc CV. Just shoot an email to <a href="mailto:jobs@redant.com.au">Sarah</a> with an outline of the kind of projects you've worked on, and some insight into what makes you tick.

And please – no recruiters! This is a full time position, for a carbon based person who lives in Sydney, Australia (who does not live in the London Eye). While we really appreciate all the attention from recruiters, offshore teams and people living in famous London landmarks, we’re only looking for direct applicants that live near us.

<div class="container group">
  <h2>Have a walk around our office</h2>
  <div id="streetview" style="height: 600px"></div>
</div>

{% contentfor footer %}
<script src="//maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false"></script>
<script src="/js/map.js"></script>
{% endcontentfor %}

In case you're wondering what the weird Muppet puppet things are, no they aren't for cuddling up to during nap time. And we don't have some collective Jim Henson Cosplay fetish. Some of our dev servers are named after Muppets, so having them sitting around is an easy way to show who is using which server. Unfortunately when I ordered Grover I didn't read the dimensions (which ahem "isn't the first time"/ecommerce/perils-ecommerce-objects-may-appear-larger-better-actually/). So some the Grover one is really really small. Which is sad really - I'm thinking of sending him over to be with the guys in the London Eye.

      <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
