---
layout: default
title: 'Work with us: Front end Javascript developer'
image:
  small: /assets/uploads/2014/09/yoyo.png
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <h1 class="bordered">
      Senior iOS Developer - Swift/Objective-C
    </h1>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="job-not-available">
        <h2>Sorry, this position is no longer available</h2>
        <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
      </div>

h2. Who we’re looking for

<p class="lead">We're looking for an experienced iOS developer to join our team. We know you don't really need to know Objective-C or Swift to make iOS apps these days. There's PhoneGap, Ruby Motion, Ionic, etc. But we're looking for someone who really knows their way around Objective-C and ideally Swift too (bonus points for Java/Android too). You're writing tests, maybe they're even using some kind of CI tool like Travis. You're communicating with various REST API's. You get turned on when a co-worker comes to you with "impossible" or "magic" problems. You're a clever clogs. When XCode picks a fight with you, you win.
</p>

Like a lot of digital agencies, Red Ant has a long and colourful history with iOS development. In the early early days we entered the octogon of death with XCode, and while we made it out alive, we had a very strong desire not to try that again. So we moved onto PhoneGap, Ionic and other javascript based solutions thinking they might gel with our existing skills better. One thing lead to another and now we're back with XCode, doing it native and enjoying the direction Swift has taken things.

iOS development is hard. We have a bunch of really clever front end developers who somehow kept pace with the shifting sands of javascript development trends, as well as staying ontop of iOS. While they've been doing an amazing job of it, we've finally decided that the time has come to hire a fulltime iOS developer to show us a trick or two.

You'd be working with a team of iOS/Frontend developers. Mentoring them, reviewing code, merging pull requests. You'd be the one tackling all the tricky bits. You're the end of the line, the last defense against those last minute show stopping bugs.

Ideally you'll be passionate about:

* Working things out & coming up with better solutions.
* Making really usable stuff that works well and looks great.
* Working as part of an Agile team.
* Sweating the small details.
* iOS Swift / Objective C.
* TDD & CI solutions.
* Git workflows.


Here’s what we can offer:

* A tight team that appreciates quality. You’ll probably learn lots of things, and hopefully you’ll be able to teach us some stuff.
* We’re a mix of developers, designers and project managers. We work in an <a href="/agile/">Agile</a> environment, on some interesting projects.
* We work in teams across several clients. Each client typically has several projects running.
* We have some interesting projects, building big web apps that support a large number of users. These can throw up challenging problems, like load, handling lots of payments, concurrency, tweaking performance and taming cache unicorns.
* Flying toasters.

The things we make are typically large web applications, which we call "digital products":http://www.redant.com.au/digital-products/. The way we typically approach these is an Angular front end driven by a <a href="/ruby-on-rails/">Ruby</a> backend (JRuby, Rails, Sinatra etc)

Have a look at our "portfolio":http://redant.com.au/portfolio to get a better idea of the some of the projects we’ve worked on.

h2. Full time

This is a full time position - all of our team work together (see the bottom of this page to get a better idea of what that looks like). Many of our team have been working together for a number of years. Red Ant itself has been around for over 20 years, and we’d love to find someone after a secure, long term gig.

h2. Location

The hipster heart of Sydney: Surry Hills, just off Oxford St (<a href="/about-red-ant/map/">map here</a>). In terms of transport options, you can park your chopper in the park over the road, if you arrive by pony you can tie it up on the tree outside, and if you bike you’d better bring it inside as a bearded hipster might "borrow" it. We’re close to trains, buses, walkable to the harbour ferry and nowhere near an airport.

For lunch, we have probably the highest concentration of cafes, bars and restaurants in the country. You’ll need to figure out if you like your coffee pressed, cold, drawn or dripped. Are you single origin or blend? Are you craft beer or obscure import?

h2. Is this remote or on site?

On site - although many of us work from home now and then. And we’re pretty flexible in terms of having time off for all the things that come up - like sick children, family emergencies etc. And sometimes you need some focussed time to get things done.
But say you lived in a drone that flew back and forth over Peru, this would be a very unsuitable position for you. Commuting would be problematic, and it would be difficult to keep in the loop.
Most of our team are full time, and this has worked well as we’ve been able to learn and develop the way we do stuff. Incremental improvements +1.

h2. How much it pays

Really well. Probably much better than where you are right now.

h2. Interested?

If you’re interested in this position, please don’t send in a huge Word doc CV. Just shoot an email to <a href="mailto:jobs@redant.com.au">Sarah</a> with an outline of the kind of projects you’ve worked on, and some insight into what makes you tick.

And please – no recruiters! This is a full time position, for a carbon based person who lives in Sydney, Australia. While we really appreciate all the attention from recruiters, offshore teams and people living their Drone Dream, we’re only looking for direct applicants that live near us.

<div class="container group">
  <h2>Have a walk around our office</h2>
  <div id="streetview" style="height: 600px"></div>
</div>

{% contentfor footer %}
<script src="//maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false"></script>
<script src="/js/map.js"></script>
{% endcontentfor %}

      <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
