---
layout: default
title: 'Work with us: Designer of Awesomeness'
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <h1 class="bordered">
      Designer of Awesomeness
    </h1>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">

<div class="job-not-available">
  <h2>Sorry, this position is no longer available</h2>
  <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
</div>

Permanent Full Time Role

* We’re looking for a designophile
* Develop your UX and problem solving skills
* Interact with clients and product owners

h2. Description of the job

We’re looking for a super special designer to join our team, and work alongside Rails developers, front end developers, producers and content people.

Here’s why you need to be super special: Any designer can create something in isolation, but you need to be able to use your solid understanding of design for the web, information architecture and user experience to create alongside clients and teams in a dynamic environment. We also want you to have a basic understanding of Javascript MVC frameworks (like AngularJS), with a view to expanding your skillset in this area. You can read <a href="/pjax/asynchronous-javascript-frameworks-like-angular-js/">more on our blawg.</a>

We’re after a serious designophile. Someone who gives a damn and believes functionality can exist side-by-side with amazing user experience in state of digital nirvana. We approach projects from a “mobile first” perspective. This means that we serve our sites across multiple devices, but the user experience has to maintain its look and feel, functionality, and intuitiveness. Everything changes, but the user feels comfortable and grounded no matter what they are viewing the site on.

Ideally you will be passionate about:

* awesome design and great user experience
* solving problems that people didn’t even know exist
* the responsive web. You have a good understanding of HTML, CSS, and a basic working knowledge of javascript
* people
* working as part of a close team of designers in an Agile context

h2. About Red Ant

We’re a digital agency that specialise in Rails projects. There are 35 Ants, consisting of developers, front enders, designers, producers and content people. We’ve been around for a while (15 years now) and have a great group of customers. Many of our clients are large consumer brands, so we’ve got quite a bit of experience at making sites that work well and are easy to use.

You can read more of the <a href="/about-redant">backstory here</a>

Some of the sites you’ll be working on are <a href="http://12wbt.com/tour">12wbt.com</a>, <a href="https://www.plando.com">plando.com</a> and <a href="http://www.huggies.com.au">huggies.com.au</a>

h2. Location

Surry Hills, just off Oxford St. We’re close to trains, and we’re right opposite a lovely park if you’re up for nude frisbee of a lunchtime. Or not.<br>
here’s a <a href="/about-red-ant/map">map</a>

h2. Interested?

If you’re interested in this position, please don’t send in a Word doc CV. Just shoot an email to <a href="mailto:sarah@redant.com.au">sarah@redant.com.au</a> with an outline of the kind of mad skills you have and some links to stuff that you’ve worked on.

And please – no recruiters!

<div class="container group">
  <h2>Have a walk around our office</h2>
  <div id="streetview" style="height: 600px"></div>
</div>

{% contentfor footer %}
<script src="//maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false"></script>
<script src="/js/map.js"></script>
{% endcontentfor %}

      <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
