---
layout: default
title: 'Work with us: QA Testing Engineer - manage our testing process to deliver awesomeness'
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <div class="container">
      <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
          <h1 class="bordered">
            QA Testing Engineer
          </h1>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-12">

<div class="job-not-available">
  <h2>Sorry, this position is no longer available</h2>
  <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
</div>

<p><strong>The projects we work on are growing more and more complex. They release on faster cycles. Consumers are using more and more devices to interact. And the expectation of flawless, continuous service has never been higher.</strong></p>

* Work on large, consumer focused web projects
* Help us build out our testing processes - from Continuous Integration tests through to human tests
* Identify areas for automation, load testing and testing infrastructure
* You’re interested in how computers work, and across the full stack of web server
* You’re good at understanding and diagnosing problems. You’re methodical and rarely leap to a conclusion.

We already have tests and automation. We use Travis for Continuous Integration, and we have both unit tests and end to end Selenium tests in place. We’ve been doing load testing using Tsung. We test on a range of devices, both physical and virtual.

But, we’re kind of reaching capacity. We need to bring someone in to our team to lead this area with experience and new ideas.

What we <strong>don’t want</strong> is a monkey that sits in a room clicking on links. Or sets up some half baked Selenium script which doesn’t actually test anything.

What we <strong>do want</strong> is someone who can investigate symptoms and user feedback, diagnose problems and convert these into specific issues for developers.

h3. A bit about you

You might be:

* technical - so a developer that is drawn to automation and QA engineering
* a sysadmin or devops person that wants to branch out to be more delivery focussed
* already be in this field, and you’re interested in automation and testing. And in particular Javascript

You don’t necessarily need experience with:

* Ruby on Rails - although that would help
* Javascript, in particular Javascript frameworks like AngularJS or Ember - although that would help
* Travis and Continuous Integration testing - although that would help

You’re methodical and meticulous. Your friends think you are a super genius. You can communicate clearly. And finally, you’re really into how things work, and you’re always interested in learning more.

If you’re interested, please send <a href="mailto:jobs@redant.com.au">Sarah</a> an email with an outline of your experience and the size and type of projects you’ve worked on. Rather than a big attachment, we’d love to find out (in a short email) more about you and what you’re keen on.

Recruiters please: we’re not interested in getting contacted by recruitment companies about this. Once again, we love you and appreciate the attention, but please don’t call. Thank you!

h2. About Red Ant

Our office is in Surry Hills, Sydney, and we’re surrounded by a gazillion great cafes, bars, clubs and restaurants. In fact our office is directly on top of Longrain, and even better the Shortgrain bar under that. You can park your bike with us, or grab a train, tram or bus - we’re pretty central.

We specialise in creating large and interesting websites. There are around 35 of us – a mix of Rails Developers, Front Enders, Designers, Content People and Project Managers. As well as Rails, we’re expanding our expertise in delivering Javascript front ends using technologies like AngularJS.

We’re also trying to become better at TDD, becoming even more Agile, and make our builds run at somewhere approaching light speed.

You can read more of the backstory here <a href="/about-red-ant/" rel="nofollow">http://redant.com.au/about-red-ant</a>

Some of the sites you’ll be working on are:

* <a href="http://12wbt.com" rel="nofollow">http://12wbt.com</a>
* <a href="http://beautyheaven.com.au" rel="nofollow">http://beautyheaven.com.au</a>
* <a href="http://huggies.com.au" rel="nofollow">http://huggies.com.au</a>

        <p><a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
