---
layout: default
title: 'Work with us: Designer'
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <h1 class="bordered">
      Designer
    </h1>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">

<div class="job-not-available">
  <h2>Sorry, this position is no longer available</h2>
  <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
</div>

h1. Front End Javascript developer - Red Ant

Permanent Full Time Role

* We’re looking for a Javascript fanatic
* Develop your JS and Javascript MVC skills
* AngularJS and Ruby on Rails environment

h2. Description of the job

We’re looking for a super special front end developer to join our team, and working alongside Rails developers, designers, producers and content people.

Here’s why you need to be super special: most of the front end roles you might be coming across involve turning photoshop files into HTML. Maybe a bit of jQuery to make a slideshow. Ho hum.

We’re after a total Javascript maniac. More and more of our projects are using Javascript MVC frameworks like AngularJS. This means that rather than the main Rails app driving everything, the front end becomes more important. Everything changes, and pages become super fast. You can read <a href="/pjax/asynchronous-javascript-frameworks-like-angular-js/">more on our blawg.</a>

Ideally you will be passionate about:

* You’re into making really usable stuff that works well and looks great
* optimising pages to make them as fast as possible
* Javascript frameworks, ideally Angular - but experience in Ember, Batman, Node or another advanced Javascript technology is OK as well.
* Ruby on Rails or open source software
* working as part of an Agile team

h2. About Red Ant

We’re a digital agency that specialise in Rails projects. There are 35 Ants, consisting of developers, front enders, designers, producers and content people. We’ve been around for a while (15 years now) and have a great group of customers. Many of our clients are large consumer brands, so we’ve got quite a bit of experience at making sites that work well and are easy to use.

You can read more of the <a href="/about-redant">backstory here</a>

Some of the sites you’ll be working on are <a href="http://12wbt.com/tour">12wbt.com</a>, <a href="http://www.beautyheaven.com.au">beautyheaven.com.au</a> and <a href="http://www.huggies.com.au">huggies.com.au</a>

h2. Location

Surry Hills, just off Oxford St. We’re close to trains, and we’re right opposite a lovely park if you’re up for nude frisbee of a lunchtime. Or not.<br>
here's a <a href="/about-red-ant/map">map</a>

h2. Interested?

If you’re interested in this position, please don’t send in a Word doc CV. Just shoot an email to <a href="mailto:sarah@redant.com.au">sarah@redant.com.au</a> with an outline of the kind of mad skills you have and some links to stuff that you’ve worked on.

And please – no recruiters!

      <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
