---
layout: portfolio
title: Huggies Star Rewards
weight: 50
image:
  feature: /img/feature/huggies-star-rewards.jpg
  always_show: yes
carousel:
  - /assets/portfolio/huggies-star-rewards-1.jpg
excerpt:
  short: ''
meta:
  focus_keywords: Huggies Star Rewards
  description: ''
---
<div class="col-md-7">
h3. Project Description

We’ve been working with Huggies for over a decade and in that time we’ve worked on many promotions together. Most recently, we created a shop and redeem rewards program in partnership with Fisher-Price Smart Stages. We were asked to find a simple solution that promoted brand loyalty to Huggies and boosted traffic to their site. Our solution was the Huggies Star Rewards Program. We needed this promotion to be integrated into the huggies.com.au site so we could connect with the existing 600,000 members. That was easy - we were already well-acquainted with <a href="/portfolio/huggies-australia-and-new-zealand/">the site</a>.

To redeem a toy, users had to purchase Huggies products and upload their receipt details to claim Reward Stars. They could then use these stars to redeem a toy of their choice.

To kick-start the promotion, we sent existing members an email and advertised the campaign extensively throughout the Huggies site. Any new visitors to the landing page were prompted to sign up before they could claim stars. We had an amazing response from mums and dads with 5,000 existing members participating and 2,000 new member sign ups during a 4 month period.
</div>

<div class="col-md-5">
  <h3>Project Detail</h3>
  <ul>
    <li><strong>Client:</strong> Huggies Australia &amp; New Zealand</li>
    <li><strong>Date:</strong> 2015</li>
    <li><strong>Project URL:</strong> <a href="http://www.huggies.com.au/rewards">huggies.com.au/rewards</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
