---
layout: default
title: 'Work with us: Account Manager / Project Manager'
image:
  small: /assets/uploads/2014/05/skater_400.gif
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <div class="container">
      <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
          <h1 class="bordered">
            Account Manager / Project Manager
          </h1>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-12">

h2. Overview

* Work on large, consumer focused web projects
* Experienced PM / Account Manager
* Ruby on Rails using <a href="/agile/">Agile methodology</a>
* Start July 2015

h2. First, a bit about us

We’re a large digital agency in Surry Hills, and we are looking for skilled Project Manager to fill in while one of the team is on maternity leave - but there is every likelihood that you will be employed permanently at the end of the contract.

Right now there are 35 of us, a mix of developers, designers and account/PM. We’re not a general “we do anything digital” agency - we specialise in just one thing - <a href="/ruby-on-rails/">Ruby on Rails</a> - and try to do that as well as we can. Rails is a development framework which helps us build bigger, faster and more reliable projects.

We have an interesting mix of heavily trafficked clients from diverse fields. To get a better idea have a look through our <a href="/portfolio">portfolio</a>.

h2. A bit about you

You’re a digital geek with empathy. You get people, and can communicate clearly. You’re mega organised, so much so that your friends might tease you about it. And finally, you’re really into how things work, and you’re always interested in learning more.

You might be fading away in a traditional ad agency and want to get your teeth into real digital. Or you may be technical and want a chance to try account management.

h2. Some specifics to help you decide if this role is right for you:

* About 3-5yrs experience ideally with some project or account management background.
* We try to be as Agile as we can. If business requirements docs, big spec docs and a Waterfall process is your thing, this is not the gig for you.
* You have a “thing” or niche- for example you might be really into mobile.
* Experience with planning tools like Jira (or similar).
* You aren’t a recruitment person, offshore development company or some kind of bot.
* You envision yourself to be an extra in Mad Men. Mr Draper, this is not the right role for you.

h2. Interested?

If you’re interested, please email <a href="mailto:jobs@redant.com.au">jobs@redant.com.au</a> with an outline of your experience and the size and type of projects you’ve worked on. Rather than a big attachment, we’d love to find out (in a short email) more about you and what you’re keen on.

Recruiters please: we’re not interested in getting contacted by recruitment companies about this. Thank you!

h2. Location

Surry Hills, just off Oxford St (<a href="/about-red-ant/map/">map here</a>). In terms of transport, we’re close to trains, buses, and nowhere near an airport. But lots of bike lanes. For lunch, we have a gazillion cafes, bars and restaurants around us. Actually we have a pretty good restaurant (Longrain) directly under our office.

h2. Have a walk around our office
<div id="streetview" style="height: 600px"></div>

{% contentfor footer %}
<script src="//maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false"></script>
<script src="/js/map.js"></script>
{% endcontentfor %}

        <p><a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
