---
layout: default
title: 'Work with us: Digital Product Manager / Business Analyst'
image:
  small: /assets/uploads/2014/05/skater_400.gif
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <div class="container">
      <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
          <h1 class="bordered">
            Digital Product Manager / Business Analyst
          </h1>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-12">

<div class="job-not-available">
  <h2>Sorry, this position is no longer available</h2>
  <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
</div>

h2. Summary

We’re looking for someone to join our product development team. We’re not too fussed about what you call yourself right now: you might be a product manager or business analyst, a digital producer, a project manager, a software engineer, or a UX/UI specialist. At the same time, we need you to be experienced in consumer-facing application development on web, mobile or desktop. If you have been project managing Windows 7 rollouts to call centres, that's awesome, but it's not what we do.

In our product development team you’ll be the glue between the client team and our build team. You’ll help interpret client needs, define and mould new ideas, plan out how they’ll become reality, and then work with the build team to make it happen.

You’ll also need to be pretty geeky, because there is a lot of technology which moves pretty fast. You’ve got a good business mind and a knack for getting on well with people.

You can merge creative thinking, your business-ey brain and an understanding of tech to form your own product development Voltron (the lion one, not the silly vehicle one) and get your hands dirty in the "doing"; wire-framing, defining user-flows and writing user stories.

h2. About Red Ant

Red Ant is a leading technical agency. We’re building digital products and platforms that excite and delight users. And deliver the goods.

Our office is in a large warehouse in Surry Hills, Sydney (and no, we don’t all have beards and ride fixie bikes). Our core team of 30 is very experienced, working on large scale, high traffic projects. We use technologies like <a href="/ruby-on-rails/">Ruby on Rails</a> and <a href="/pjax/">AngularJS</a>. We apply the <a href="/agile/">Agile project methodology</a>.

We specialise in building <a href="/digital-products/">Digital Products</a> - sites and apps that allow users to "do" something and perform some kind of utility. We work with our clients to develop these - starting with the initial idea and then building on this over successive iterations. A typical project spans several years.

Take a look at <a href="/">redant.com.au</a> for more on what we do.

h2. Here’s what we can offer:

* Work with a tight team that appreciates quality. You’ll probably learn lots of things, and hopefully you’ll be able to teach us some stuff.
* We have a blend of frontend and backend developers, designers and project managers that work in an Agile environment.
* Interesting projects that have interesting problems to solve. They are all consumer facing, so they need to be interesting and engaging. They are big, so they have problems that smaller projects might not face: like how to handle lots and lots of people trying to do something at the same time.

Have a look at our "portfolio":/portfolio to get a better idea of the some of the projects we’ve worked on.

h2. Our ideal candidate

* At least 5 years digital experience.
* You might have a technical or digital product development background in an agency or you may be in a start-up.
* You have a "thing" or niche - for example you might be really into mobile development or e-commerce.
* We try to be as Agile as we can. If business requirements docs, big spec docs and a clearly defined Waterfall process gets you excited, this is not the gig for you. You probably wear your pants quite high too - you might want to loosen that belt a bit.
* Each morning you shut your eyes and picture yourself as an extra in Mad Men. If you see yourself as Mr Draper, this is not the right role for you.

h2. Full time

This is a full time position. We’ve been around for over 20 years, and expect to be going for a while longer. We’re looking for someone that can join our highly experienced team and is looking for a secure, long term gig.

h2. Interested?

If you’re interested, please send Sarah (<a href="mailto:jobs@redant.com.au">jobs@redant.com.au</a>) a short email with an outline of your experience and the size and type of projects you’ve worked on. Rather than a big attachment, we’d love to find out more about you and what you’re keen on. See what I did there? If you send in a big attachment it probably means you didn’t read down this far. Or you have a problem with detail. To be honest that combination probably isn’t a great fit for this position.

So what do we want to hear about? Probably don’t mention your Brony thing, but you might run a recipe blog or have mad drone skills - that kind of thing.

Recruiters please: you probably won’t read this far, but seriously we’re not interested in getting contacted by recruitment companies about this. Thank you!

h2. Location

Surry Hills, just off Oxford St (<a href="/about-red-ant/map/">map here</a>). In terms of transport, we’re close to trains, buses, and nowhere near an airport. But lots of bike lanes. For lunch, we have a gazillion cafes, bars and restaurants around us. Actually we have a pretty good restaurant (Longrain) directly under our office.

h2. Have a walk around our office

<div id="streetview" style="height: 600px"></div>

{% contentfor footer %}
<script src="//maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false"></script>
<script src="/js/map.js"></script>
{% endcontentfor %}

        <p><a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
