---
layout: default
title: 'Work with us: Digital Business Analyst'
image:
  small: /assets/uploads/2014/05/skater_400.gif
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <h1 class="bordered">
      Digital Business Analyst
    </h1>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">

<div class="job-not-available">
  <h2>Sorry, this position is no longer available</h2>
  <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
</div>

h2. Who we’re looking for - a Digital Business Analyst

We’re looking for an experienced analyst to help us manage our projects. You might have gone by a few different titles - a business analyst, digital producer, project manager, or technical analyst. No matter what your title was, people regard you as “good”. You’re the person people trust to figure out the right questions to ask and actually understands things. You get stuff done.

Here’s where we are at:

1. we have a very tight team of fantastic developers and designers
2. we have an equally talented team of project managers
3. they work together to create amazing digital products like 12WBT and PlanDo HR

but _(and there is always a but)_
4. the PMs run out of bandwidth. They get busy managing projects and scheduling, tasks start backing up

h3. Here’s what we’re after:

Someone that can analyse a task as part of a project. They can describe the business problem, and what it should look like. This can then be picked up by a developer or designer. Once complete, this is then checked to see if matches the requirement.

We practice Agile, so this isn’t about writing humungous spec docs. The key is having someone smart and analytical enough to understand the problem, and inquisitive enough to explore options.

h3. Here's what we can offer:

* A tight team to work with that appreciates quality. You'll probably learn lots of things, and hopefully you'll be able to teach us some stuff.
* We have a blend of frontend and backend developers, designers and project managers that work in an Agile environment
* Interesting projects, building large web apps that support a large number of users. These can throw up challenging problems, like handling lots of payments, concurrency, tweaking performance and taming unicorns

The things we make are typically large web applications, which we call "digital products" (a bit more "detail here":http://www.redant.com.au/digital-products/). 

Have a look at our "portfolio":/portfolio to get a better idea of the some of the projects we've worked on. 

h2. Our ideal candidate

* an experienced analyst with either consulting or agency experience
* by analyst I mean that you have an analytical mind. You approach problems by thinking them through, you ask enough questions to understand the issue, and you’re methodical in testing the solution.
* by experienced I mean that you’ve worked on digital projects before. Maybe in a consulting firm, maybe in an advertising or digital agency. Or perhaps in a technical firm or some other professional services. You might not know everything about everything, but you can probably figure out the right questions to ask.
* experienced with Agile methodologies
* has great ideas, loves a tricky problem and collaborates as part of a team

h2. Full time

This is a full time position. We’ve been around for over 18 years, and expect to be going for a while longer. We’re looking for someone that can join our highly experienced team and is looking for a secure, long term gig.

h2. Location

Surry Hills, just off Oxford St (<a href="/about-red-ant/map/">map here</a>.). In terms of transport, we’re close to trains, buses, and nowhere near an airport. But lots of bike lanes. For lunch, we have a gazillion cafes, bars and restaurants around us. Actually we have a pretty good bar (Shortgrain) directly under our office.

h2. About Red Ant

We’re a leading technical agency in Sydney, Australia. This page should tell you all you need to know about us and more. To start with, we have a core team of 35 – a mix of developers, designers and project managers. For technology, we use <a href="/ruby-on-rails/">Ruby on Rails</a> and <a href="/pjax/">AngularJS</a>. We apply the <a href="/agile/">Agile project methodology</a>.
We’ve been around for a while (+18y) and in that time have worked on a wide variety of projects. Picking up quite a bit of know how and experience along the way. We specialise in creating and building <a href="/digital-products/">Digital Products</a>.

Take a look at <a href="/">redant.com.au</a> for more on what we do.

h2. Interested?

If you’re interested in this position, please don’t send in a huge Word doc CV. Just shoot an email to <a href="mailto:jobs@redant.com.au">Sarah</a> with an outline of the kind of mad skills you have and some links to stuff that you’ve worked on.

And please – no recruiters! This is a full time position, for a carbon based person who lives in Sydney, Australia. While we really appreciate applications from recruiters and people living in far off lands, we’re only looking for direct applicants that live near us.

<div class="container group">
  <h2>Have a walk around our office</h2>
  <div id="streetview" style="height: 600px"></div>
</div>

{% contentfor footer %}
<script src="//maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false"></script>
<script src="/js/map.js"></script>
{% endcontentfor %}

      <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
