---
layout: default
title: 'Work with us: Front end Javascript developer'
image:
  small: /assets/uploads/2014/09/yoyo.png
---

<div class="static-page about-us">
  <div class="jumbotron no-margin">
    <h1 class="bordered">
      Senior Front End Javascript Developer
    </h1>
  </div>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">

<div class="job-not-available">
  <h2>Sorry, this position is no longer available</h2>
  <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
</div>

h2. Who we’re looking for

<p class="lead">We’re looking for an experienced Front End developer to join our team. By experienced I don't mean you are a master at copying code you found on Stackoverflow. That you don't actually understand, but somehow it works. Or did at some point... <br />You're a front end engineer. You love squeezing down load times, polishing an interface and taking it way past what could ever be encapsulated in a PSD, and you dig all these new ways of building and deploying incredible front end apps.</p>

We’re looking for a super special front end developer to join our team, and working alongside Ruby developers, designers, producers and content people.

Here’s why you need to be super special: many of the front end roles you might be coming across involve turning photoshop files into HTML. Maybe a bit of jQuery to make a slideshow. Yeah, right. 

We’re after a total front end fanatic. The complexity of our front end work has increased dramatically - there's lots of new technologies and methods that both make life easier and blow your mind. Tests matter. Performance really matters. More and more of our projects are using Javascript MVC frameworks like AngularJS. This means that rather than a monolithic Rails app driving everything, the front end becomes more important. Everything changes, and pages become super fast. You can read <a href="/pjax/asynchronous-javascript-frameworks-like-angular-js/">more on our blawg.</a>

Ideally you will be passionate about:

* making really usable stuff that works well and looks great
* optimising pages to make them as fast as possible
* Javascript frameworks, ideally Angular - but experience in Ember, Batman, Node or another advanced Javascript technology is OK as well.
* Ruby on Rails or open source software
* working as part of an Agile team

Here's what we can offer:

* A tight team that appreciates quality. You'll probably learn lots of things, and hopefully you'll be able to teach us some stuff.
* We're a mix of developers, designers and project managers. We work in an Agile environment, on some interesting projects
* We work in teams across several clients. Each client typically has several projects running.
* We have some interesting projects, building big web apps that support a large number of users. These can throw up challenging problems, like load, handling lots of payments, concurrency, tweaking performance and taming cache unicorns.
* flying toasters

The things we make are typically large web applications, which we call "digital products":http://www.redant.com.au/digital-products/. The way we typically approach these is an Angular front end driven by a Ruby backend (JRuby, Rails, Sinatra etc)

Have a look at our "portfolio":http://redant.com.au/portfolio to get a better idea of the some of the projects we've worked on.

h2. Full time

This is a full time position - all of our team work together (see the bottom of this page to get a better idea of what that looks like). Many of our team have been working together for a number of years. Red Ant itself has been around for over 18 years, and we'd love to find someone after a secure, long term gig.

h2. Location

The hipster heart of Sydney: Surry Hills, just off Oxford St (<a href="/about-red-ant/map/">map here</a>). In terms of transport options, you can park your chopper in the park over the road, if you arrive by pony you can tie it up on the tree outside, and if you bike you'd better bring it inside as a bearded hipster might "borrow" it. We’re close to trains, buses, walkable to the harbour ferry and nowhere near an airport.

For lunch, we have probably the highest concentration of cafes, bars and restaurants in the country. You'll need to figure out if you like your coffee pressed, cold, drawn or dripped. Are you single origin or blend? Are you craft beer or obscure import?

h2. Is this remote or on site?

On site - although many of us work from home now and then. And we're pretty flexible in terms of having time off for all the things that come up - like sick children, family emergencies etc. And sometimes you need some focussed time to get things done.
But say you lived in a drone that flew back and forth over California, this would be a very unsuitable position for you. Commuting would be problematic, and it would be difficult to keep in the loop.
Most of our team are full time, and this has worked well as we’ve been able to learn and develop the way we do stuff. Incremental improvements +1.

h2. How much it pays

Really well. Probably much better than where you are right now.

h2. Interested?

If you’re interested in this position, please don’t send in a huge Word doc CV. Just shoot an email to <a href="mailto:jobs@redant.com.au">Sarah</a> with an outline of the kind of projects you've worked on, and some insight into what makes you tick.

And please – no recruiters! This is a full time position, for a carbon based person who lives in Sydney, Australia. While we really appreciate all the attention from recruiters, offshore teams and people living the drone dream, we’re only looking for direct applicants that live near us.

<div class="container group">
  <h2>Have a walk around our office</h2>
  <div id="streetview" style="height: 600px"></div>
</div>

{% contentfor footer %}
<script src="//maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false"></script>
<script src="/js/map.js"></script>
{% endcontentfor %}

      <a href="/jobs/" title="Work with us">« Back to job list</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
