---
layout: default
title: Digital Products - Red Ant
---


<div class="jumbotron">
  <div class="container">
	  <h1 class="bordered">Creating Digital Products</h1>
One of the things we focus on is developing Digital Products. These are websites that provide some form of utility to users - these allow people to “do” stuff. Unlike a static site, which might be used for marketing a product or service, these sites *are themselves the product or service*.

  </div>
</div>

<div class="content">
  <div class="container">

h1. What is a Digital Product?

A *static site* usually consists of a number of pages, which might have a CMS to allow you to edit content and make new pages. Each page is essentially static - each visitor gets the same content. Sure, there might be some "multivariate testing"/how-we-do/multi-variate-AB-testing/ running over the top so some visitors get different messages, but the core experience is the same.

A *Digital Product* is different in a number of ways. First, they provide utility to the user - to store information, learn new things, or interact with others. Second, the pages tend to be fairly dynamic, customising the experience and content based on that user. To give an example:
* *Facebook* all members log in and get the same page. But that page changes radically between members depending on who their friends are and what they’ve done.
* *12WBT* all members get delicious recipes. But the recipe I see as a female wanting to lose weight will be different to the one you might see as a male on a strength program. Your weekly nutrition and exercise plan is completely different, as is your shopping list, the videos you see, etc.


A static site can be relatively straightforward to build, with a wide variety of tools available ranging from popular ones like Wordpress or Drupal, through to more enterprise options like Sitecore or Adobe CQ.

Digital product development is generally more involved, due to higher technical complexity. The focus is more on the user experience and providing that utility. Technical problems like caching and site speed become trickier -  speeding up a static site is generally pretty straightforward, but a page that is different for each user is an entirely different challenge.
  </div>
</div>

<div class="masonry-full-width">
  <div id="blog-posts" class="container">
    {% for post in site.categories.digital-products %}
      {% include post-preview.html %}
    {% endfor %}
  </div>
</div>

