---
layout: portfolio
title: Kleenex Mums
weight: 20
image:
  feature: /img/feature/kmum.jpg
  always_show: no
carousel:
  - /assets/portfolio/kleenex-mums.jpg
excerpt:
  short: Kleenex Mums - a highly engaged online community for Australian mums.
meta:
  focus_keywords: Kleenex Mums
  description: Kleenex Mums - a highly engaged online community for Australian mums.
---

<div class="col-md-7">

  <h3>Project Description</h3>

Kleenex Mums started off life as a simple blog, and over time it evolved to include recipes, promotions, eBooks, games, videos and tools for busy mums.

An extensive content strategy saw the development of articles on parenting, working mums, post natal health, eating healthy, budgeting tips, family holiday advice and more. The combination of high-quality valuable content and useful, relevant tools quickly led to a community of highly engaged mums on the site.

  <p>Kleenex Mums also grew to be an established authority on “everyday” kids’ health issues. Things like cold and flu, kids’ hygiene, and how to keep kids healthy. Product messaging - around Kleenex tissues, VIVA cleaning products, and Cottonelle toilet training products - was integrated to deliver relevant information to consumers.</p>

<strong>Some of the cool Kleenex Mums tools we developed include:</strong>

  <ul>
    <li>Handy kitchen converter - to convert weight, volume and temperature metrics.</li>
    <li>Kids Book Club</li>
    <li>Recipe tool - browse Kleenex Mums recipes, or submit your own for the chance to win a prize.</li>
    <li>Dinner Spinner - enter your time limit, select the meal required, and enter your main food item (eg chicken) to see what recipes turn up on the Dinner Spinner.</li>
    <li>Photo promotions - consumers upload photos to win.</li>
    <li>Weekly meal planner</li>
    <li>Family Activities</li>
    <li>Birthday party tips</li>
    <li>Member stories/comments and Facebook integration.</li>
  </ul>

</div>

<div class="col-md-5">
  <h3>Project Detail</h3>

  <ul>
    <li><strong>Client:</strong> Kleenex Mums</li>
    <li><strong>Date:</strong> 2010 - 2012</li>
  </ul>
</div>
