---
layout: portfolio
title: Bondi Vet
weight: 50
image:
  feature: /img/feature/bondi-vet.jpg
  always_show: yes
carousel:
  - /assets/portfolio/bondi-vet-1.jpg
excerpt:
  short: ''
meta:
  focus_keywords: Bondi Vet
  description: ''
---
<div class="col-md-7">
h3. Project Description

We’ve partnered with <a href="http://wtfn.com/" target="_blank">WTFN</a> to bring bondivet.com to life, combining Red Ant’s technical know-how and WTFN’s extensive catalogue of content. The website aims to capitalise on the popularity of the TV show to build an active online audience.

Visitors to the site can watch pet care videos from our experts and veterinarians, clips from much loved shows such as Bondi Vet as well as curated content from around the web. To encourage engagement with the site, we’ve developed the “Ask Bondi Vet” forum - a place where users can share knowledge with each other and get advice from our experts.

Every step along the user journey, there are prompts to become a member. Once the user has signed up and set up their profile (and their pet’s profile) we can use this information to customise their experience. This means tools are pre-filled with the correct breed information, forum questions can be tagged with the user’s pets and relevant promotion notifications get sent to the right users.

The plan is to grow this site into an encyclopedic resource for pet owners with useful and interesting content that’s regularly uploaded. Keep an eye on this space - there are heaps of new videos and features to come.
</div>

<div class="col-md-5">
  <h3>Project Detail</h3>
  <ul>
    <li><strong>Client:</strong> Bondi Vet</li>
    <li><strong>Date:</strong> 2015</li>
    <li><strong>Project URL:</strong> <a href="http://bondivet.com">bondivet.com</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
