---
layout: portfolio
title: Beautyheaven product review site
weight: 30
image:
  feature: /img/feature/bh-review.jpg
  always_show: no
carousel:
  - /assets/portfolio/beauty-heaven-1.jpg
  - /assets/portfolio/beauty-heaven-2.jpg
  - /assets/portfolio/beauty-heaven-3.jpg
  - /assets/portfolio/beauty-heaven-4.jpg
excerpt:
  short: Beautyheaven.com.au is Australia’s leading independent beauty sites. The site has a thriving membership, who continually add content and reviews to the site.
meta:
  focus_keywords: BeautyHeaven
  description: Beautyheaven.com.au is Australia’s leading independent beauty sites. The site has a thriving membership, who continually add content and reviews to the site.
---
<div class="col-md-7">

  <h3>Project Description</h3>

<a href="http://beautyheaven.com.au" target="_blank">Beautyheaven.com.au</a> is one of Australia's leading independent beauty sites. The site has a thriving membership, who continually add content and reviews to the site.

The beautyheaven site has a very successful loyalty system, where members get points the more they participate on the site - writing reviews of products, comments, and forum postings. They review various beauty products, and there is a crack team of users that road tests various beauty products.

Bits we're especially proud of:

  <ul>
    <li>slideshow tool</li>
    <li>quiz tool</li>
    <li>product &amp; review pages</li>
  </ul>

Seeded by eye-catching design, great pictures and relevant articles, Beauty Heaven has built a vibrant community of beauty addicts. A savvy membership system raises the status of contributors and gives them a reason to write reviews and give feedback. A smart way to leverage the knowledge of the community.

  <ul>
    <li>Editors use content tools to make feature articles stand out</li>
    <li>Vibrant community of users in forum and review areas</li>
    <li>Interesting tools such as <a href="http://www.beautyheaven.com.au/salons">Salon Directory</a></li>
  </ul>

<a href="http://beautyheaven.com.au" target="_blank">http://beautyheaven.com.au</a>

</div>

<div class="col-md-5">
  <h3>Project Detail</h3>

  <ul>
    <li><strong>Client:</strong> Beauty Heaven</li>
    <li><strong>Project URL:</strong> <a href="http://beautyheaven.com.au">www.beautyheaven.com.au</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
