---
layout: portfolio
title: Michelle Bridges 12 Week Body Transformation
weight: 90
image:
  feature: /img/feature/12wbt.jpg
  always_show: yes
  sticky: 1
carousel:
  - /assets/portfolio/12wbt-1.jpg
  - /assets/portfolio/12wbt-2.jpg
  - /assets/portfolio/12wbt-3.jpg
  - /assets/portfolio/12wbt-4.jpg
  - /assets/portfolio/12wbt-5.jpg
meta:
  focus_keywords: 12wbt
  description: Michelle Bridges 12WBT is a very popular fitness site. Rebuilt in Ruby on Rails, we’ve increased speed, functionality & user engagement.
---
<div class="col-md-7">
h3. Project Description

<a title="12WBT site" href="http://www.12wbt.com" target="_blank">12WBT.com</a> is a very popular health and fitness site, with a large community of highly engaged members. We started working in the middle of 2011, and it took around 3 months to build and release. Since then, we’ve been pushing out incremental improvements and new features via regular sprints.

You can read a <a title="our-work: Michelle Bridges 12WBT build" href="/blog/our-work-michelle-bridges-12wbt-build/">bit more about the 12WBT project on this post</a>

h4. What is Michelle Bridges 12WBT?

Michelle Bridges is a well know Australian personal trainer. Through her books, newspaper columns and starring role on the highly rated TV series ‘Australia’s Biggest Loser’ - she has inspired thousands of people to reach their health and fitness goals.

The Michelle Bridges 12 week body transformation (12WBT) program is a paid web based program that offers members 12 weeks of exercises, food plans, shopping lists, live chat, forum and interactive tools. Each week a new set of videos, exercises and recipes becomes available to members. Over the 12 weeks, members chart their progress and are inspired by the changes to their health and fitness. The community aspects mean members encourage each other to go that little bit further. It is a powerful and engaging 12 weeks where the results are felt personally for each member.

  <a title="12WBT site" href="http://www.12wbt.com" target="_blank">12WBT.com</a>
</div>

<div class="col-md-5">
  <h3>Project Detail</h3>
  <ul>
    <li><strong>Paid membership site</strong> - members join and buy a subscription for a 3 month “round” - either up front or recurring weekly payments with high bursts of traffic when all members need to access the site at the same time.</li>
    <li><strong>Content system</strong> - members sign up and get content &amp; tools each week. As the program progresses through the 12 weeks, different features appear.</li>
    <li><strong>Event system</strong> - members can create events, RSVP to them, write reviews of events, and book tickets for paid events.</li>
    <li><strong>Forum &amp; private messaging system</strong> - tightly integrated with the rest of the site.</li>
    <li><strong>Help &amp; FAQ</strong> - tightly integrated with 3rd party SAAS help system.</li>
    <li><strong>My Stats</strong> - an interactive tool which allows members to record their weight and key measurements, plus track progress over time.</li>
  </ul>
</div>
